Fixed broken links (#3346)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/edge-kubernetes/k8-edge-connecting-edge-to-cloud-bundle/software-management-docs.md

- Applications - You need a {{< product-c8y-iot >}} application, see [Web SDK](/web/introduction/) for details. Upload the application zip to the software repository with the software type _c8yedge_application_
- Microservices - You need a microservice, see [Microservice SDK](/microservice-sdk/microservice-sdk-introduction/) for details. Upload the microservice zip to the software repository with the software type _c8yedge_microservice_

> - Extensions - You need either a widget or plugin, see [Micro frontends](https://cumulocity.com/docs/2024/web/microfrontends/) for details. Upload the extension zip to the software repository with the software type _c8yedge_extension_

Reviewer: @bbyreddy @janhommes This is the documentation for 2025, so we should probably not link into the 2024 documentation? Where is this described in the 2025 documentation?

Reviewer 2: @janhommes , I can't find a corresponding link in the latest docs.

Reviewer 3: This went to the codex: https://styleguide.cumulocity.com/apps/codex/#/getting-started/microfrontends/overview

> - Extensions - You need either a widget or plugin, see [Micro frontends](https://cumulocity.com/docs/2024/web/microfrontends/) for details. Upload the extension zip to the software repository with the software type _c8yedge_extension_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Extensions - You need either a widget or plugin, see [Micro frontends](https://styleguide.cumulocity.com/apps/codex/#/getting-started/microfrontends/overview) in the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Codex for details. Upload the extension zip to the software repository with the software type _c8yedge_extension_
```
